[MUSIC PLAYING]
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
It's really, really
cool to see all here.
Thank you so much for coming.
We really appreciate it.
I know that you're here
because we were saying we're
going to give out free donuts.
That's why you're here.
But thank you very much.
I'm going to go right
into this to give us
as much time as possible so
Bashar can deliver whatever
message he's going to deliver.
And then you can
ask your question.
So again, thank you for coming.
Please have a wonderful
time, and I'll see you later.
Thank you.
I want to say good day to
you this day of your time.
How are you all?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
We have titled this
Transmission in Two Worlds.
The idea here is
that we are going
to describe, a little bit more
clearly, the nature of ourselves
and many of the
extraterrestrial,
extra dimensional beings
that are observing,
watching, engaging,
participating with what
is going on your planet
at this time of transition
and transformation.
We have talked about the idea
that we operate, many of us--
not all of us, but many of us--
on a certain vibratory frequency
that is very, very fast,
very high.
We have talked about the idea
that many people, if they
were to be exposed to
that frequency too soon,
might experience the
idea of psychic shock.
We have talked about the idea
that many people experience
the expansion of their
consciousness, the connection
to spirituality.
The idea to understand is
that because many beings
exist between two
worlds, both physical
and non-physical,
quasi physical,
as we say, with elements
of physical reality,
elements of spirit beings.
When you get exposed,
to many of us,
in some of the encounters that
occur, the idea is that exposure
to that frequency isn't just
something that brings up
elements within you, that you
may not yet have integrated,
that are causing
the psychic shock.
But many of the reasons
that people feel fear
in the presence of beings
of this nature, beings
of this frequency is because
the frequency that we represent
is very similar to the
idea of the spirit level.
There is almost no difference
between our experience
of physical reality and
our experience of spirit
in this point in our evolution.
You are heading that
way, those of you
who have chosen to walk
the spiritual path.
Those of you who have chosen
to expand your consciousness,
you're not there quite yet.
But the idea is that exposure
to that vibration at this time.
And the reason that
many people feel
fear, the reason that
many people might
go into psychic shock is
that they are actually,
in our presence, beginning to
experience their life review.
The idea is you are
incorporating many experiences
and feeling the
connection that you
have to people who have been in
any way, shape, or form affected
by the choices you make
in life, and you feel it
as if it is happening to you.
The short way of
explaining this, and I
know that this may
sound funny to you,
but exposure to our
frequency actually
makes you feel like
you're about to die.
That's why the reactions
happen the way they happen,
and why we remain at arm's
length until such time.
As you raise your vibration
sufficiently, connect
to your higher mind sufficiently
to incorporate within you
the higher vibration that
will allow you to operate
at a different level that
is more vibrationally
compatible with who we are as
well, more in alignment with who
you truly are in
your essential core
to allow you to
remember who you are,
to express your energy
that is true for you
in a way that is
more vibrationally
compatible with the
reality in which we exist.
This is why many
encounters between species
like ourselves take place in
a slightly altered reality.
The idea is that you think
maybe sometimes the experience
you're having is taking place
in what you're familiar with
as physical reality,
but it isn't.
What many people on
your planet don't
understand that
there are actually
many layers to physical reality.
And sometimes, in
these encounters,
you are slightly shifted
upward in frequency.
And while you may
think you are still
in your typical physical
reality, you're not.
Because shifting you up into
that different layer of reality,
even though it may
still seem physical,
is what makes you slightly
more vibrationally
compatible to the
encounter happening.
And therefore, what we
are actually telling
you is this is why
the idea of exploring
the nature of
extraterrestrials, exploring
the idea of open
contact, exploring
the idea of UFOs or UAPs,
as you refer to us now,
is the idea that spirituality
has to go along with it.
It is not just the idea of what
you might call the old science
fiction scenario of spaceships
landing in physical reality,
getting out and shaking your
hand, but the idea that you are
going to encounter something
that is of a spirit nature,
of the nature of a
non-physical reality as well
as a physical reality.
You're going to encounter
things that exist in two worlds.
And for you to be vibrationally
compatible with us,
you have to live there too.
And this is why it is
so important for you
to connect the idea
of spirituality
and the expansion
of consciousness
to the entire endeavor
and the entire discipline
of extraterrestrial contact.
It is not just taking
place on a physical level.
It is taking place on different
levels of dimensionality
that you need to get
used to if you're
going to operate in the
reality that is representative
of open contact.
Do you understand?
>> Yes
>> So we thank you for
participating and being willing
to open up to the idea
of your spiritual truth,
your spiritual essence.
We thank you for being
willing to take those actions
and walk that path, because
that makes all the difference
in your reality and it
makes all the difference
in your ability to be able
to interact with all of us.
We encourage you to
continue along that path,
if you are willing
to, because that's
what's going to allow
the idea of open contact
to be experienced by each
and every one of you who
are willing to walk that path.
And we thank you for being
willing to expand our family
and become Homo galacticus.
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
Now, again, keep in
mind, very important
that you continue
this path in order
to be actually vibrationally
compatible with being
able to interact with
the various forms
and species of extraterrestrial
and extra dimensional
beings that are engaged with you
and assisting you at this time
to transform and
transition in positive,
constructive, loving,
and creative ways.
For this is the vibration,
the essential vibration
of existence itself.
What you refer to as
unconditional love
is how you translate that
frequency of existence.
You may refer to it
as any name you wish.
You can call it god,
goddess, all that
is, however you wish to do it.
There is no name you
can think of that
isn't representative of it
because it is all things.
It is everything, everywhere,
every when, everyone.
There is nothing outside of it.
So the idea is it doesn't really
matter how you approach it.
It doesn't really
matter what you call it.
It doesn't really matter
how you represent it.
It is all the things you can
imagine because you cannot
imagine anything outside of it
because everything exists within
it.
So allow yourself to know
that it doesn't really
matter how you approach
it, what path you take,
what perspective you have.
You have, for yourself,
the perspective
that is true for you.
And it is just as
real and just as true
as any other perspective
of all that is because it
is everything that exists.
We thank you for allowing
us in this co-creation
to share this idea of the
connection of two worlds,
physical and non-physical, in
this endeavor of open contact.
And we encourage you to
accelerate this activity as you
go forward in your lives.
And in return, for the gift
you are giving our civilization
for interacting
with all of you, I
ask now, in what
way may we continue
to be of service to you?
Please begin with your process
of dialogues and questions,
if you wish.
>> I ask on behalf of this
community and the world the one
question.
Do we have a date for contact?
>> There are stages to
the idea of open contact,
especially because of the
compartmentalization of many
of the consciousnesses on your
planet and the rate at which you
are all willing to
integrate yourselves.
So the idea is that
there will be phases,
there will be
markers, there will
be things that will happen
in steps to get you used
to the idea as you yourself
uplift your vibration
and are ready for more.
As we said, many people
believe that they're ready,
but they're still thinking
about the idea as taking place
on a physical level.
When, in fact, exposure
to our vibration
actually kicks their survival
mechanism physically into play
and makes them feel like
they're dying in our presence.
So the idea is you have to
wait until the vibration is
high enough that you will not
react that way to our presence.
Now, there are several
things that can happen.
One of them is that somewhere
around the timing, as we read
the energy now of the
end of your year of 2026
and the beginning of
your year of 2027,
there may be an event
that will allow people
on your planet to recognize
that extraterrestrials truly
do exist.
And it will give you an
opportunity to really consider
what path you wish to walk.
It will not be a full-blown
open contact, but it will lead.
It will be the precursor.
It will be one of
the events that
will allow you to know it
is very important for you
to make a decision,
to make a choice as
to what path you wish to walk.
And so it is up to
you, at that time,
to take in that event, however
it presents itself to you,
and make a decision
and make sure
all your actions
are commensurate
and in alignment with the idea
of the integrity of walking
the spiritual path.
And there will be
other kinds of events
that will take place as well.
However, the all-encompassing
window of open contact
is between your
present year of 2023
and your year of 2033 to 2040.
Within that window, open
contact is 90% likely to happen.
Does that answer your question?
>> No, it doesn't.
Can we narrow it down?
>> No.
There are many
things still in flux.
Many decisions have
yet to be made.
Therefore, the window, as
seemingly vague as it may be,
is actually in control by you.
It's actually in your hands.
We're just reading
what we're reading.
We're not necessarily
determining it.
You are.
Does that answer your question?
>> Kind of.
But you mentioned
multiple things
going on at the same time.
That would suggest
that we're talking
about multiple locations.
Is there a country
involved or are
these cities around the world?
And if it does happen
that way, will it
happen all at the same time?
>> No.
It will happen, as
I said, in phases.
And also, please remember, when
we talked about open contact,
it's open contact with every
form of life on your planet, not
just humans.
There's a lot of consciousness,
a lot of sentience,
a lot of awareness,
a lot of energy,
a lot of beings on your planet.
Open contact will happen
with many of them as well.
Now, the irony is that for
many indigenous cultures
on your planet, open contact
has been going on for hundreds
and thousands of years.
Because they're used to it.
It's their law,
it's their culture
to understand their
connections to the stars
and their ancestors.
So the idea is
that there's really
open contact that is going
on, and it's something
that other cultures on your
planet have to get used to,
have to be open, to
have to be aware of
and allow it to bleed into
their cultures as well.
So in a sense, the
answer to your question
is, it's been happening
for thousands of years.
You have never been alone.
Does that answer your question?
>> Thank you for that.
I just have one
follow-up, and that--
and thank you for putting up
with me, Bashar, seriously--
is this, what about
our family, our
loved ones, our brothers and
sisters and those around us?
How do we communicate
to them that this
is going to happen
without freaking out those
that are the closest to us?
>> Those that wish to freak
out, as you say, will freak out.
Those that will not, will not.
You cannot really do
anything about it.
All you can do is share your
idea of what may happen,
see if they are vibrationally
compatible and willing to open
up to that idea.
But remember, you
don't know their path.
They may need to experience
things in a very different way.
So all you can do is
share the information.
And what they do
with that information
is none of your business.
Remember, you never change
the planet that you're on.
There already exists
simultaneously
any number of parallel reality
versions of earth, many of which
are already experiencing
global contact.
So when you change yourself
and change your vibration,
you're actually shifting
yourself billions of times
a second through a series
of parallel reality versions
of Earth that are
more and more and more
reflective of open
contact already existing.
Other people may not
choose that path.
They may navigate themselves
to other versions of Earth
where open contact
doesn't happen ever.
So the idea is you have to let
everyone decide what path they
wish to walk, what
they believe is
the process they
need to experience,
and leave it up to them.
Because you will simply be
interacting with whatever people
inhabit that version of
Earth that are at least
somewhat vibrationally
compatible
to what you have
chosen to experience.
Does that make sense?
>> For our community and the
world, we thank you, Bashar.
Thank you so much.
>> It is our passion
and our pleasure.
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> Good to see you again.
I think this is one of the
most important addresses you
can bring up, the fact that
these two worlds are merging now
and the fact that people are
in so much fear about contact.
I think you're
suggesting we have
to let go of the old
identities of being human
and come into a more lucid,
a more transcendental place
of being.
>> Yes.
The real question
is, and again, we
don't mean this in a
negative or scary way,
are you prepared to die?
>> What does that mean?
>> Your consciousness has to
change in such a way that you
allow yourself not to see such
a difference between the idea
of physical reality and
non-physical reality.
It isn't an afterlife.
It's just life continuing.
It's a continuum.
And when you understand that
physical reality is just as
spiritual, is just an
extension of consciousness,
a projection of consciousness
that you're actually dreaming
right now, that all of you
exist right now in spirit,
you never leave spirit,
that's your natural state.
You are pretending
not to be in spirit.
Physical reality
is a dream you're
having in spirit of pretending
that you're not in spirit.
When you really start to
understand that and wrap
your minds around that, you
will not fear the idea of death.
You will be prepared
to transition
because the idea is
there really will
be not much difference between
the idea of physical reality
and the idea of
non-physical reality.
The two will blend.
And it will be like
ultimately, in your evolution,
the way we experience reality,
like you are constantly
walking through a dream.
>> Is there a practice you can
recommend to cultivate this
lucidity.
>> Follow the formula we
have shared with all of you.
>> Can you repeat it for
people who might be new to it?
>> Act on your passion.
Act on it as much as
you can, taking it
as far as you can until you
can act on it no longer.
Act on your passion
with absolutely zero
assumption, zero insistence on
what the outcome should look
like.
Stay in a positive state, no
matter what manifests, in order
to get the benefit out of it.
And examine your belief
systems and constantly let
go of the ones that are
fear-based and negative
that don't serve
you and don't align
with your core
essential vibration.
When you do that, it's like
literally an instruction
manual for how you create
your reality more consciously.
And it will actually act
as a navigational tool that
will constantly
allow you to navigate
in the direction of more
and more and more positive
versions of Earth.
Because you're already shifting
from one reality to another.
Literally-- this is not
a metaphor-- literally
shifting billions
of times per second.
That's how you create the side
effect called space, time,
and change.
It's like having frames of
film that your consciousness is
shifting through like a
projector light and the frames
that you filter
through determines
the timeline in the way
that you experience it
in physical reality.
So since you are
already shifting,
you might as well
shift in the direction
that you feel gives you
an advantage that you feel
is positive, creative, and
loving, because it's really
your choice to do so.
Because you can't
help but shift,
that's your natural state.
It's how you're generating the
experience of physical reality.
So shift in the direction
you prefer, and we give you
the formula that makes
it easy to do that
so that you don't have
to overcomplicate it
and overthink it.
It's literally a distillation
of how you literally
create your physical
reality experience.
So just follow it
like an instruction
manual, like you would
follow any instruction
manual to operate a piece
of machinery on your planet.
Don't add any instructions,
don't leave any instructions
out.
Just follow the instructions.
The machine, not meaning
it to sound cold,
will then work as advertised.
If you don't follow
the instructions,
the machine may work, but you
may not go in the direction
that you prefer.
Does this help you?
>> Absolutely.
Just one more comment.
The whole conversation about
near-death experiences,
out-of-body remote
viewing, this seems
to be leaning towards
what you're stating here,
this transcendental
awareness of this.
>> Yes.
Why do you think you're having
more experiences that you're
calling near-death experiences?
Why do you think you're having
more reports of those things?
It's to get you to
understand the continuum
and that there really
isn't that much difference
between physical and
non-physical reality
except the differences you
make in your belief systems
and definitions.
>> Thank you so
much for being here.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And you, good day.
>> So on my birthday,
July 30th, 2019,
my partner Cody and I were in
the desert and we had three
tall, thin blue beings that
looked like what we consider
ETs.
They were wearing robes and they
appeared to us in the desert.
A little while later, they came
back to me and called themselves
"we the three."
And then again change their form
and said that they were not ETs,
but they were great
ancient beings.
And I wanted to know
if you could tell me
any information
about this spirit.
>> As you expand
your consciousness,
you will allow your
senses to expand,
to be able to pick up on things
that have been around all
the time.
Remember, time is your illusion.
Everything exists here and now.
So many people
are going to begin
to experience things
of ancientness
that they call in the
past, but those things
exist simultaneously with you.
You just happen to be
on the correct vibration
to be able to start
perceiving beings that
have been on your planet
for a long time around you
all the time that have
simply been heretofore
invisible to you.
Understand there have been many
civilizations on your planet
before humanity ever came along.
So you're beginning to see
some of the other cultures that
exist alongside of you.
But many of them,
understand, that you actually
coexist simultaneously
in different phases,
different vibrational
states of the Earth.
So you've opened
the doorway to being
able to experience an
interaction with beings that
are representative of a very
ancient culture on your planet
that your history tells
you nothing about.
>> Thank you so much.
>> You are so welcome, but
I had nothing to do with it.
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> Thank you so
much for being here.
You talked about the many
layers to the physical reality
that we would go through
in raising our vibration.
What are some clues
that would help us along
in understanding that
we're doing it correctly?
>> Well, if again, you have a
deep understanding of following
the formula very
precisely, again,
your senses will allow you to
perceive things that will give
you the signs that you need to
understand about the direction
in which you're going.
Plus, remember, synchronicity
will increase, and accelerate,
and bring you situations, and
circumstances, and opportunities
to act on that will be
representative of the expansion
that you are now experiencing.
It will bring you something
on the level, the new level
on which you can handle
new things, on which you
can perceive new things.
Synchronicity is the
automatic organizing principle
of your life.
It's built in to the
structure of existence.
And when you expand your
consciousness in a certain way,
then you will get
the reflections
from synchronicity of the
opportunities, circumstances,
and situations that are
germane and in alignment
with the level that you're on.
So they will be your
signs that you're
moving in a certain direction.
Does that make sense?
>> It does.
So we're like building on our
experiences as we go along?
>> Yes.
Because the experiences will be
something bigger than you could
perceive before.
Remember, this is just physics.
You can only perceive what you
are the vibrational level of.
You cannot perceive what you're
not the vibrational level of.
So the idea is that certain
opportunities are not
even visible to
you, will not even
be something you would imagine
unless you're actually already
on a certain frequency level.
So suddenly, being inspired
by certain opportunities,
certain situations,
certain actions you
can take in a direction
of inspiration
that you didn't
think of before are
representative of you being
on the level of that thing.
Do you understand?
>> Yes, I do.
Thank you so much.
>> It is self-reflective,
self-guiding, self-expansive.
That's why you don't have to
overthink it or over complicate
it.
The guidance mechanism
is built into the formula
if you just simply
understand it and use it
as precisely as possible.
>> Great.
Thank you so much.
>> You are so welcome.
>> So I just have one question.
>> Well, wait a minute.
What happened to
hello and good day?
>> Hello.
Good day.
>> What is your question?
>> There is a constant message
that comes through that
everything is nothing and
nothing is everything.
And it just feels so good.
More than good.
How is that related to the
interaction with other beings?
>> Everything is a reflection
of everything else.
If you want to say it on
the simplest possible level,
you can say, well, what are you?
What am I?
The answer to that is, I am
you, from another point of view.
There is only one thing,
and all the different things
that appear to be different
are different reflections
of that one thing.
But in every one is
the seed of everything.
The idea of nothingness
is a concept,
but it's not really
emptiness in that sense.
It's simply that everything
is equal in its reflectivity
as being a reflection, an
equal reflection, of the one,
of all that is.
Is this making some sense?
>> It's making perfect sense.
It's exactly what I feel.
How does it relate
outside of that feeling?
Or does it?
Or that is that it?
>> As I said, the vibration, the
frequency of existence itself is
what you translate in your
physical terms as unconditional
support, unconditional love.
You are in charge
of your reality.
What you say goes because you
are supported unconditionally.
So if you buy into negative
beliefs, all that is says,
OK, I will support you in that.
If you buy into positive
beliefs, all that is says,
OK, I will support you in that.
So it's up to you to decide
how to define your relationship
to all that is because you
are a unique reflection.
You are a puzzle piece in
the big picture puzzle.
And if you are the shape
that you were made to be,
in other words,
your true self, you
fit in the space
in the big picture
puzzle in which
you belong, and you
fit with all the other pieces.
So your shape defines
what everything else is
and you fit into the space
that is made for you, which
is, in a sense, something that
you could call the nothingness,
but you fit in that space.
The space is your potential.
The nothingness is your
potential to be realized by you.
So then your
self-realization, you
realize that you are a
reflection of everything.
Does that help?
>> It more than helps.
Is perfect.
Thank you so much.
>> You are so welcome.
[MUSIC PLAYING]